docs: fix typos etc (#666)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/walkthrough/save-model.md

:class: hint
Finetuner allows you to set your artifact as a public artifact.
At training time, you need to set `public=True` when calling the `fit` function.
If `public=True`, anyone who knows the artifact id can download your artifact with the above function.
```

> If the fine-tuning finished, you can see the following message in the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the fine-tuning is finished, you will see the following message in the terminal:
```
